Update Object Storage tutorial to match learning path tone (#49170)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/tutorial/objectstorage.rst

- We use ``path.fs`` to grab the right filesystem object and register it with DuckDB
- Finally, we query the Parquet file using SQL and return a pandas DataFrame

Notice that the function doesn't recreate the path manually -- it gets the full path from the previous task using Xcom.
This makes the task portable and decoupled from earlier logic.

Bringing It All Together
------------------------

Here's the full DAG that ties everything together:

.. exampleinclude:: /../src/airflow/example_dags/tutorial_objectstorage.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: [START tutorial]
    :end-before: [END tutorial]

|

You can trigger this DAG and view it in the Graph View in the Airflow UI. Each task logs its inputs and outputs clearly,
and you can inspect returned paths in the Xcom tab.

What to Explore Next
--------------------

Here are some ways to take this further:

- Use object sensors (like ``S3KeySensor``) to wait for files uploaded by external systems
- Orchestrate S3-to-GCS transfers or cross-region data syncs
- Add branching logic to handle missing or malformed files
- Experiment with different formats like CSV or JSON

**See Also**

> - Learn how to securely access cloud services by configuring Airflow connections in the `Managing Connections guide <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/connections.html>`__
> - Build event-driven pipelines that respond to file uploads or external triggers using the `Event-Driven Scheduling framework <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/event-scheduling.html>`__
> - Reinforce your understanding of decorators, return values, and task chaining with the `TaskFlow API guide <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/core-concepts/taskflow.html>`__

Reviewer: We should have relative links here or reference to the section.

```suggestion
- Learn how to securely access cloud services by configuring Airflow connections in the :doc:`Managing Connections guide </authoring-and-scheduling/connections>`__
- Build event-driven pipelines that respond to file uploads or external triggers using the :doc:`Event-Driven Scheduling framework </authoring-and-scheduling/event-scheduling>`__
- Reinforce your understanding of decorators, return values, and task chaining with the :doc:`TaskFlow API guide </core-concepts/taskflow.html>`__
```

Something like this should work

Reviewer: Squashed and fixed in https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/49170/commits/6375662e550709a4456fac902013be3eb24a1e78
